# pleaseHelp
Ave coders In short, the situation is that I need to solve C# problems and I don't have enough time I ask for help from experts I will be very grateful for your help There's no time to go too deep. The tasks themselves are below   Given two sequences of integers a1, a2, ... an and b1, b2, ...bn All the terms of the sequences are distinct numbers. Find how many members of the first sequence match the members of the second sequence.  Given two sequences a1, a2, ...an and b1, b2, ...bm. (n>m). In each of them, the members are different. Is it true that all the members of the second sequence are included in the first sequence?   Find (in degrees, minutes, and seconds) all the angles of a triangle whose vertices are given by the coordinates (x1, y1), (x2, y2), (x3, y3).  Compare the paths of the tips of the hour and minute hands in time t minutes, if the initial time is h hours and m minutes, and the length of the hands is Lh and Lm.  Given natural k, l, m, n, each of which does not exceed eight. Find out whether it is possible to make such pairs of numbers from them so that they denote the fields of the chessboard, from one to the other of which you can get one move of the chess rook.    The initial reading of two electronic clocks: m hours, n minutes, and k seconds. After a given time T seconds, the clock readings became p1 h. q1 min. r1 c. and p2 h. q2 min. r2 c. respectively. Determine whether the clock is running accurately, in a hurry or behind.    "Superzamok". The secret lock for the safe consists of 10 cells arranged in a row, in which you need to insert the dice. But the door opens only if, in any three adjacent cells, the sum of the points on the front faces of the cubes is 10. (A dice has from 1 to 6 points on each face.) Write a program that solves the lock code, provided that two dice are already inserted into the cells.
